[release] 20221219 (#1466)
subquery/subql: packages/node-core/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [1.7.0] - 2022-12-19
### Fixed
- Workers: Fix SequelizeDatabaseError - tuple concurrently updated (#1458)

> - Handle when fields got undefined with historical (#1463)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handle `bulkUpdate` when fields are undefined with historical indexing (#1463)
```

### Added

> - Add start height to project (#1456)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add start height to project metadata (#1456)
```
